Mr. Ye found out that the direction of the car is to go to the village in the city
It seems to be the place where the eldest lady lived
Close the car and go
Miss has had an accident
I understand, I will continue to look for opportunities, don't worry.
I can finally go with my mother
It's a pity that I can't see Luoxue Qing and all the good people
Retribution
You can hit the road with peace of mind
Champion leaves the red
I can't wait for you here, hahaha.
You came to save me
I miss you
It's great that you're okay
I will never leave you again
I won't let you suffer any more.
miss
This is the last time mom will protect you
Madam will protect you in the future
miss
What did you call me?